As a security analyst,
you'll work with a lot of data.
Being able to develop
solutions for
managing this data
is very important.
What we're about to learn in
Python will help you with that.
Previously, we set
foundations for what we're
going to do in this section.
We learned all about data
types and variables.
We also covered conditional
and iterative statements.
We learned about building
functions and even created
our own functions.
Here, we'll build on that
in a few different ways.
First, you'll learn more about
working with strings and lists.
We'll expand the ways that you
can work with these data types,
including extracting
characters from
strings or items from lists.
Our next focus is on
writing algorithms.
You'll consider a set of
rules that can be applied in
Python to solve a
security-related problem.
Finally, we'll further expand
the ways we can search
for strings when we explore
using regular expressions.
We're going to have a
lot of fun, and you'll
start writing some really
interesting code in Python.
I can't wait to get started.